hey guys in our last video we discussed
how the highborns reckless use of magic
from the well of eternity had sent
ripples spiraling out so the great dark
beyond gaining the attention of Sargeras
and his burning legion with Sargeras
attention drawn to Azeroth he gathered
his burning legion a million screaming
demons or whipped from the far corners
of the universe that hungered for
conquest and made their way towards our
unsuspecting world sargeras's
lieutenants Archimonde the Defiler and
manner of the destructor prepared their
infernal minions to strike a shara the
queen of the night elves who had been
reveling in the well of eternity 'he's
magic was overwhelmed by the immense
ecstasy the magic gave her with her mind
and will weakened she fell victim to
sargeras's power and agreed to grant an
entrance to our world even the highborn
servitors gave themselves over to the
magics corruption and aided their queen
in opening of vast swirling portal
within the depths of the well of
eternity with the portal open Sargeras
launched his catastrophic invasion into
our world his warrior demons of the
Burning Legion came into Azeroth through
the well of eternity and laid siege to
the Night Elf surrounded cities led by
our commander Manor off the Burning
Legion swarmed over the lands of
Kalimdor the demon warlocks cooled down
there searing infernals the bloodletting
Doom guards matched across the field
slaughtering everyone in their path and
packs of wild demonic foul hounds
ravaged the countryside though the brave
counter eye Warriors rushed in defense
of their homelands they were forced to
give ground inch-by-inch before the fury
of the legions onslaught as the Kaldur i
were being overcome by the Burning
Legion Malfurion Stormrage had to find
help for his people
Malfurion whose own brother Illidan
practiced the Hyland's magics was
incensed by the corruption among the
upper class now Furion convinced Illidan
to forsake his dangerous obsession and
they set out to find cinereous to master
a resistance force the young priestess
Tyrande agreed to help the brothers
although Malfurion and Illidan shared a
love for tirana her heart belonged to
Malfurion alone Illidan resented his
brothers romance with Tyrande but knew
his heartache was nothing compared to
the pain of his magical addiction
Illidan struggled with his addiction to
the well of eternity 'he's magic however
with the help of Tyrande he was able to
Rane himself and help his brother find
the reclusive demigod Cenarius who dwelt
within the sacred moon glades of the
distant mountain cinereous agreed to
help the Night Elves by finding the
ancient dragons and enlisting their aid
the Dragons led by the red leviathan
alexstrasza agreed to send their mighty
flight to engage the demons and their
infernal masters senarios called upon
the spirits at the end chanted forests
and rallied an army of ancient tree men
and led them against the Legion in a
daring ground assault as the Night Elves
allies converged upon Asura's temple at
the well of eternity all warfare broke
out
despite their strengths Malfurion and
his enlisted allies realized that the
Legion could not be defeated by marshal
strength alone as the battle raged on
around her the delusional as Yara waited
in anticipation for the arrival of
Sargeras the destroyer of worlds was to
pass through the well of eternity and
enter the now battle-scarred world as he
came closer to the wells raging surface
as Yara gathered her powerful highborn
followers because only by linking their
magics together in one focused spell
could they create a gateway large enough
for Sargeras to enter as the battle
raged across the burning fields of
calendar a terrible event unfolded
although the details have been lost to
time it is known that now Farion the
dragon aspect of the earth went mad
during his critical engagement against
the Burning Legion in the deep places of
the world where he was assigned to be
the protector the imprisoned old gods
had been whispering in his ear turning
his mind to madness though no one knew
this he began to split apart as his rage
manifested in flame erupting from his
dark hide renaming himself to death
winged the burning dragon turned on his
brethren and drove the dragon flights
away from the battlefield
Deathwing sudden betrayal was so
devastating that the five dragon flights
never truly recovered alexstrasza and
the other noble dragons were forced to
abandon their mortal allies Malfurion
and his companions were now hopelessly
outnumbered and barely survived the
ensuing onslaught Malfurion was
convinced that the well of eternity was
the demons linked to the physical world
and insisted that it should be destroyed
his companions knowing that the well was
the source of their immortality and
powers were horrified by the rash notion
yet Turan the saw sense in malfurion's
theories so she convinced cinereous and
their comrades to storage Arras temple
to find a way to
shut down the well of eternity this
massive battle and it's ensuing
incidents as known as the War of the
Ancients and next time we'll be looking
at exactly how the war was resolved so
if you're interested to find out what
happens next please make sure you
subscribe give me a thumbs up if you
liked the video guys and leave a comment
below if you have any questions as
always guys thank you so much for
watching my name is acne and I catch you
next time eternity fed the world it
attracted a tribe of nocturnal humanoids
who were mesmerized by the lakes power
these nomadic humanoids decided to
inhabit the shores of the lake where
over time the whales energies would
affect their evolution making them
strong wise